= each_section

http://github.com/kachick/each_section

== DESCRIPTION

このライブラリは、 String, IO, StringIO クラスと ARGF に対し、
#each_section と、これと同じ動きをする #setions というインスタンスメソッドを追加します。

String やら IO 等が持っている #each_line は便利な基本メソッドですよね。
でも、区切り文字を $/ 以外に設定するとき、個人的に不満な箇所が２つあります。
* その時点で line と言い難い
  -> 可読性が落ちる
* 区切り文字に正規表現が使えない。
  -> これが使えるだけでも簡単なパーサなら作れるのに・・・

というシーンが良く有りました。
なら作ってしまえということで生まれた小物ライブラリです。

== SYNOPSIS

* setup
    require 'each_section'

* basic
    string.each_section /regexp/i do |section|
      do_something section
    end

* enumerator
    enumerator = string.sections /regexp/i

== REQUIREMENTS

=== Ruby
* 1.9.3
* 1.9.2
* 1.8.7 ( 但し、 Object#require_relative というメソッドも追加します。 )

== INSTALL

* sudo gem install each_section

== LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010  Kenichi Kamiya

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.